Added suggested fix (#6585)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/issue-details/suggested-fix/index.mdx

---
title: Suggested Fix
sidebar_order: 40
description: "Learn more about the AI integration to suggest a fix"
---

> Suggested Fix is an experimental feature that uses AI to explain an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Include name="early-adopter-note.mdx" />

Suggested Fix is an experimental feature that uses AI to explain an issue
```

and to propose a solution.  To achieve this, the feature sends certain parts
of an error event to OpenAI for processing.

> If your organization is enrolled in the "Early Adopters" program, you will find
> a new button called "Suggested Fix" in the issue toolbar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a button called "Suggested Fix" in the issue toolbar:
```

![Suggested Fix Button](button.png)

Once you click it, Sentry will send information about the event to OpenAI for
analysis.  Under normal circumstances we do not send data to a third party
undisclosed in our [subprocessor list](https://sentry.io/legal/subprocessors/).
Because of this you need to provide consent to do so.  If your organization has
signed a DPA with us, an owner of the organization will need to sign a
"OpenAI Subprocessor Acknowledgement" in the organization [Legal & Compliance
page](https://sentry-sdks.sentry.io/settings/legal/).  Otherwise an individual
user will receive a prompt to confirm that data will be sent to a third party.

> Under all circumstance we will not sent any event data to OpenAI without an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under all circumstance we will not send any event data to OpenAI without an
```
